OBSDOCS-1733: Logging 6.1.3 release notes (#89418)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/log6x-6-1-3-rn.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/logging/logging-6.1/log6x-release-notes-6.1.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-6-1-3_{context}"]
= Logging 6.1.3 Release Notes

This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:1987[{logging-uc} {for} Bug Fix Release 6.1.3].

[id="logging-release-notes-6-1-3-bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug Fixes

> * Before this update, when using the new `1x.pico` size with the Loki Operator, the `PodDisruptionBudget` created for the Ingester pod allowed Kubernetes to evict two of the three Ingester pods. With this update, the Operator now creates a `PodDisruptionBudget` that only allows eviction of a single Ingester pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, when using the new `1x.pico` size with the Loki Operator, the `PodDisruptionBudget` created for the Ingester pod allowed Kubernetes to evict two of the three Ingester pods. With this update, the Operator now creates a `PodDisruptionBudget` that allows eviction of only a single Ingester pod.
```

(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-6693[LOG-6693])

> * Before this update, the Operator did not allow templating of syslog facility and severity, which was consistent with the rest of the API, relying upon the `5.x` API, which is no longer supported. With this update, the Operator allows templating by adding the required validation to the API and rejecting anything that does not meet the required format.

Reviewer: Would `severity level` be appropriate here instead of `severity`?

> * Before this update, the Operator did not allow templating of syslog facility and severity, which was consistent with the rest of the API, relying upon the `5.x` API, which is no longer supported. With this update, the Operator allows templating by adding the required validation to the API and rejecting anything that does not meet the required format.

Reviewer: I also wondered if the format `syslog facility` and `severity level` would be appropriate here. I looked through some of the observability documentation but saw some differences in the formatting.

> * Before this update, the Operator did not allow templating of syslog facility and severity, which was consistent with the rest of the API, relying upon the `5.x` API, which is no longer supported. With this update, the Operator allows templating by adding the required validation to the API and rejecting anything that does not meet the required format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the Operator did not support templating of syslog facility and severity, which was consistent with the rest of the API. Instead, the Operator relied upon the `5.x` API, which is no longer supported. With this update, the Operator supports templating by adding the required validation to the API and rejecting resources that do not match the required format.
```

(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-6788[LOG-6788])

> * Before this update, empty `OTEL` tuning configuration caused a validation error. With this update, the validation rules fix the issue, allowing empty `OTEL` tuning configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, empty `OTEL` tuning configuration caused a validation error. With this update, the validation rules allow empty `OTEL` tuning configurations.
```
